Or cousin
My husband is more capable than you can imagine
Yo Yo Yo, you are very excited, aren't you?
It was my sister-in-law who hooked up with my brother-in-law
You eat this
Ladies and gentlemen
34th Governor of Haicheng
The Governor Trump training ceremony is now officially underway
Everyone applauded enthusiastically
At today's inauguration ceremony of Lord Wang Hai
And here comes a great man.
Then he is a master with a million
It is the northern army of our Great Xia Guardians
Lord Long Shuai
What Long Shuai will also come
I didn't expect his old armor
Will it?
Now I invite Lord Long Shuai to the stage to celebrate the wedding
Spring brother
People call you
Hey, people call you Lord Long Shuai, why are you going up?
My husband is Long Shuai
They asked Long Shuai to speak up
He must be going up
Hahaha, what an overkill.
Do you really think you are Long Shuai?
I'll tell you what.
Impersonating Lord Long Shuai is a capital crime
I didn't ask you to remind me
Is my husband really handsome?
I know it myself
Okay, okay, I'm going to take a look today
Why is he being punished here?
Ouch, daughter.
Someone wants to die
Don't stop it